README.md, before:

Ego-Engine-Modding
==================

A suite of modding applications for the Ego Engine which powers Codemasters' racing game franchises (Dirt, Grid, and Formula 1).

The project was started in 2009/2010 with the Ego Database Editor for the game Race Driver: Grid when I was just starting to learn programming in High School. It has since been continuously updated to include many other tools.

The main solution is in the EgoEngineLibrary folder. Releases can be found [here](https://ryder25.itch.io/).

- **Ego CTF Editor** With this program you can edit CarTuningFile (CTF,CSV) files for the Ego Engine games. These files contain car performance data.
- **Ego Database Editor** This program will allow you to edit the database.bin file for the Ego Engine games. In the file you can edit tons of data like events, ai skill levels, vehicles, teams and so much more.
- **Ego ERP Archiver** This program lets you export and import resources from ERP archives for EGO engine games. The archives store many different types of data, including textures.
- **Ego File Converter** This program lets you convert binary XML, Lng, and Pkg files to human readable formats for EGO engine games.
- **Ego JPK Archiver** Open Jpk archives to export and import files from Ego Engine games. The raceload.jpk file contains physics, damage, and game loading data.
- **Ego Language Editor** This program provides a nice GUI for editing language files for Ego Engine games.
- **Ego PSSG Editor** This tool will allow you to open and edit PSSG files for EGO engine games. These files contain lots of data, including textures.

Commit message:

Add ability to create jpk from folder (#82)
* Add ability to create jpk from folder

* Update readme.md

README.md, after:

# Ego Engine Modding
A suite of modding applications for the Ego Engine which powers Codemasters' racing game franchises (Dirt, Grid, and
Formula 1).

The project was started in 2009/2010 with the Ego Database Editor for the game Race Driver: Grid. It has since been
continuously updated to include many other tools.

### [Ego CTF Editor](https://petar.page/l/ego-ece-home)
An app to edit CarTuningFile (CTF,CSV) files.

### [Ego Database Editor](https://petar.page/l/ego-ede-home)
An app to edit the database.bin file. It contains data for events, ai skill levels, vehicles, teams and etc.

### [Ego ERP Archiver](https://petar.page/l/ego-eea-home)
An app to export and import resources from ERP archives. The archives store many different types of data,
including textures.

### [Ego File Converter](https://petar.page/l/ego-efc-home)
An app to convert binary XML, lng, tpk and pkg files to common formats.

### [Ego JPK Archiver](https://petar.page/l/ego-eja-home)
An app to export and import files in JPK archives. The raceload.jpk file contains physics, damage, and game loading data.

### [Ego Language Editor](https://petar.page/l/ego-ele-home)
An app to edit language localization files.

### [Ego PSSG Editor](https://petar.page/l/ego-epe-home)
An app to edit PSSG files. These files contain 3D models and textures.
